the long-suffering bulldogs in large
part thanks to breakout star monroe
moore
we're finally going to the state fight
this
is a modified spiced rum mom
i was thinking maybe uncle frank could
get a job at andrews construction
i have an interview with a college
recruiter for you
what what the hell happened some guy's
jumping in
cease and desist order due to patent
infringement which means
if you make another bottle i will sue
you and shut this whole operation down
if i stand on it for more than 10
minutes it feels like someone's hitting
my knee with a hammer doctor said if i
play i could cause permanent again
uncle frank no he's not taking any pills
from me hold it
archie i don't care what that scoreboard
says you guys played your hearts out i
just got cornered by the recruiter from
notre dame
he said he wants me to come visit him in
indiana next week he says he wants me to
play ball
it's my rum mixed with your
maple syrup your roommate's father
paid someone to take the psats for him
it's not like i'm the one writing why a
fiction based off the exploits of your
deranged father
it was that they didn't want to accept
the daughter of the black hood
they were afraid that if your father's
identity got out it would generate bad
press
mother unless you want someone to find
out your identity
you'll keep that false face on and
you'll stay within the walls of the
maple club a duel
you can't be serious oh i am as serious
as a shot to the heart
i'm sorry uh archie's ted bishop we
served together ted this is my nephew
archie ah
we let the case get cold but we know
brett's a total sociopath
military contractor and they send us all
over the world
as mercenaries
the match is over weston wallace is our
victory
broke the code frank you can't break
something that's already been shattered
to bits ted
and you're the one coming after me honey
perhaps videotape me having sex in our
dorm room with
a classmate he was lording it over me
and
threatening to release at any minute but
if you go on the run now you'll never
stop running
man you remind me so much your old man
round one
begins now
oh please got a glass jaw
i told you we weren't going to need
rounds gentlemen
play wisely
oh that works too i almost admire your
gumption ponytail but you're done
you're trespassing and you are illegally
recording people having sex
perv of a roommate taped us in your bed
jug
no that allows me to put you in check
yeah brett wins this duel
you are more of a stonewall man than i
will ever be
he'll be tried for everything he did in
riverdale he said they're looking for
you too
of course they are you could cut a deal
maybe too
it's a neuromuscular disorder
it will weaken your father
frank didn't even even know
sorry red it's when barnard
welcomes its incoming freshman class
including a certain
veronica lodge a videotape labeled
donna
donna is one hundred percent using the
same language even exactly the same
words that she used when she told me
about mr chippy i have serious doubts
about whether or not you'll be able to
graduate with your class
we're also terminating your baxter
brothers contract for
failure to deliver satisfactory material
plagiarism
mr jones mr dupont i'm going to fight
these accusations tooth and nail
boy in the river
this is the novel that i submitted to
win the baxter brothers brotherhood owns
everything you submit we kept the
elements we liked
and then let another ghostwriter try
their hand at it
it's going to be about chipping and
moose and quill and skull
you're not gonna say a damn thing do you
know how i know
cause as it turns out i do have a tape
of you and ponytail doing that
gracefully quietly withdraw from
stonewall prep
which will save yourself and us
[Music]
oh my god betty what happened
is he breathing he's dead
what did you do betty those psychotic
preppies are trying to frame us
here's the bug and remember
besides planting it our goal is to find
out what they know
what they think happened amateur sending
a bull into a china shop
you're gonna seriously have to up your
game if this is gonna be
any fun fry so that's where jughead's
film was
the preppies must have snuck it into my
pocket when i was at stonewall
to make you look guilty rock so they
must have had a backup one with
jughead's blood all over it i'm sure my
prints are on it too
donna donna and i were in the woods
and she blew this powder like this white
powder for the powder it might be
scopolamine
the hell is that it's commonly known as
devil's breath
i will have sour berry right at my new
will immediately and i'll be happy to
see you too
shoulder to shoulder and if i'm going
down you better be damn sure i'm taking
you down with me
i am the daughter of the black hood the
nightmare
from next door you got your witch
ponytail
forsyth isn't going to yale so i guess
it'll just be you
and me in new haven this was their move
the stoneys we knew that they would do
this turns out it wasn't blood
it's run of the milk corn syrup
theatrical stuff they use to make fake
blood betty
you and your friends are free to go
closed casket
call me a doubting thomas but that seems
like a suspect choice with such a
handsome cadaver do it
what the hell do you think you're doing
she told me
i'm here for you ready i always have
been
could you do this to me right what don't
play innocent with me archie andrews
kissing my best friend
[Music]
gotcha the hell oh my god
donna so our little gambit worked
well in between the look i saw on
donna's face in the bunker and your
performance in the student lounge
pretending to be dead is one thing but
while you make out with archie just to
convince a bunch of evil preppies
that i did die yeah it definitely cracks
the top ten
god bless that beanie for cushioning the
blow even just a little bit i'm sure
telling your mom was a good idea
charles your dad jelly jellybean dr
curdle jr and mrs andrews are all in on
it
you still care for me
it must have put her privatized skills
to good juice and did some digging on
those stonewall
wasps i think i know how to take down
these stones once and for all
like pretending that my bereft
girlfriend had found comfort in the
strong
steely arms of my best butt you know
where jughead is
yes archie went rogue and told his mom
tiz together
the missing stone wall four the
accidental deaths of dupont's classmates
my attempted murder
well what did you even miss me you got
to be kidding me we had time to figure
out all the twists and turns of this
murder mystery that we've all been
living
for the past year chipping knew moose
was going to get murdered
and was trying to save his life mr
chipping invited moose to stonewall prep
to be the next victim
to be killed by the next ghost writer
one of you i mean whatever the reason
he ran moose the hell away from
stonewall prep and then killed himself
to commit the perfect murder against me
and be awarded the contract brett you
led me deeper into the woods
where i took off the money mask i was
wearing and put on my bean beanie
that kept my head from being completely
cracked open when joan crept up behind
me
all of your lurid conspiring and your
brilliance you didn't kill me which is
why i don't remember
when donna led me into the clearing
where jughead's body was and
place the bloody rock in my hand use the
beanie to stop the bleeding
one two three
i think he's gonna make it we're gonna
do everything that we can what about us
what do we do go back to where you found
him
clean the scene did i forget to mention
that betty and i went and saw the baxter
brothers ghost riders
and when we told them our theory they
all asked for their lawyers
who you murdered
jane dallas brown charles
killed charles and jane because they
were gonna spill the trees built the
baxter brothers franchise and with that
money i helped build this school
a man of honor
my father is an ambassador and i have
diplomatic immunity
what the hell is this the counter to
your calendar
[Music]
hidden in a secret compartment behind
stonewall's crest
going somewhere if you must know i'm
transferring to a new
revenge for what the murder of your
grandmother
and links this entire web of
death back to you happy about it but
illegally has to look me back to
riverdale high that's great yeah
so no one was surprised when a third
round of sinister videotapes was
delivered to our doorsteps
why are we here
i don't know
[Music]
i can't stop thinking about you buddy
stop thinking about you either
and you and i feel safe with each other
we always have
i don't know okay i don't want to lose
or hurt veronica either
it's just over
the fbi raided me all my contraband's
been
confiscated i was just released myself
money but this will allow me to buy
cheryl out of the maple rum business
you refused my help numerous times as
i'd recall it showed me
that you have finally truly
turned over a new leaf
i have a feeling we're only the first i
believe iowa has one of the best writing
programs in the country
i applied for spring but then they told
me they could take me as early as fall
received this new video tape this
morning unless the person or person's
responsible for yesterday's
so-called prank rom is officially
cancelled honey has canceled prom at
every high school he's worked out
my decision is final actually it's not
as president of the pta
i have a right to demand a vote on this
matter
prom is officially back on i thought you
might want to see this
be warned it's extremely unsettling
how long does this go on for hours and
despite the pta's wishes
cancel prom if this tape even suggests
the possibility of violence against any
of my students
charles yes you can tell us whether or
not this is you
and the screen grab from the video you
received
i was trying to help you
guess that's checkmate mr honey don't
mess with us in our own town
looks like the good guys won is that
what you think happened here
well you're leaving and we're staying so
yeah i'd mark that i am stonewall prep's
new headmaster the best
by far was mr hudding
this year alone he personally arranged
for six low-income students to go to
colleges on
you may want to read it though to fully
comprehend your actions the letter
written by mr honey to the university of
iowa i have to change it
change what my story i have to fix it
what made you rewrite it well i'm sorry
to interrupt but this was on our
doorstep
that's the cabin where veronica's mom
killed sheriff minetta where they had
their affair
dear headmaster koontz greetings from
riverdale high
but i do believe jughead jones will be
an important voice
of his generation sincerely holden honey
you